I had never been so excited. After months and months of waiting, the big vacation was finally tomorrow. I was so excited I hadn't slept more than a few hours that night. I'd
spent the entire day before packing and making sure everything was in order, I wasn't about to let anything ruin this week for me. After months of working long nights and 
doing full time school to boot, there was no doubt this vacation was much deserved. Tomorrow, we were going to my favorite place on earth

...
Carla:
We're headed to the Bahamas! Today's the day, the car is packed up with our bags to head to the airport, the dog is at the sitter and everything is in order. 
We are usually late for everything but today we were not as late a usual. Only had to take a light job to the airport gate. Phew we are on the plane, we made it! On the way to the Bahamas, we are...

on the plane telling jokes and laughing. All I can think about is the sunny beaches and deep-blue ocean. This vacation is gonna be awesome I think to myself. 
After about an hour, I decided to try to take a nap for the last two hours since I hadn't slept a wink last night.
I had barely closed my eyes when the pilot came onto the speaker and said "There's a storm on the forecast, we might have to turn back. I will update you shortly."
I can't believe what I'm hearing. 

Mary:
The plane returned to the airport and we were all profusely apologized to. Not that it does any good. My holiday was ruined. I was in such a bad mood that I didn't 
notice the persistent ringing of my phone. When I finally looked down at my screen I was taken aback. "Mother" it read. My parents has not contacted me in 3 years, 
something must be terribly wrong. "Are you alright?" a shrill voice anxiously asked. Yup that's mom alright. "Of course I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?" I retorted, 
even more confused than before. "Oh thank god. Your father and I just saw on the news that a flight to Bahamas crashed! We heard from your sister that you were 
going today and we were so worried! Thank god that wasn't your flight!" I went into shock and fainted. This is the worst but I geuss luckiest day of my life.
